[2310.11463] 
  A new multiplex-type inelastic neutron scattering spectrometer, HOrizontally Defocusing Analyzer Concurrent data Acquisition spectrometer (HODACA), was recently developed and built at the C1-1 cold neutron beam port in JRR-3. The spectrometer is suitable for dynamics measurements in the energy range

[2406.03476] 
  Pretraining datasets for large language models (LLMs) have grown to trillions of tokens composed of large amounts of CommonCrawl (CC) web scrape along with smaller, domain-specific datasets. It is expensive to understand the impact of these domain-specific datasets on model capabilities as training 

[2310.01382] 
  Despite their remarkable achievements, modern Large Language Models (LLMs) face exorbitant computational and memory footprints. Recently, several works have shown significant success in training-free and data-free compression (pruning and quantization) of LLMs that achieve 50 - 60% sparsity and redu

[2310.06694] 
  The popularity of LLaMA (Touvron et al., 2023a;b) and other recently emerged moderate-sized large language models (LLMs) highlights the potential of building smaller yet powerful LLMs. Regardless, the cost of training such models from scratch on trillions of tokens remains high. In this work, we stu

[2602.12275] On-Policy Context Distillation for Language Models
  Context distillation enables language models to internalize in-context knowledge into their parameters. In our work, we propose On-Policy Context Distillation (OPCD), a framework that bridges on-policy distillation with context distillation by training a student model on its own generated trajectori

[2602.06019] Multi-Token Prediction via Self-Distillation
  Existing techniques for accelerating language model inference, such as speculative decoding, require training auxiliary speculator models and building and deploying complex inference pipelines. We consider a new approach for converting a pretrained autoregressive language model from a slow single ne

[2603.16856] Online Experiential Learning for Language Models
  The prevailing paradigm for improving large language models relies on offline training with human annotations or simulated environments, leaving the rich experience accumulated during real-world deployment entirely unexploited. We propose Online Experiential Learning (OEL), a framework that enables 

[2509.25100] 
  We introduce ORPO-Distill, a general-purpose method for cross-architecture LLM distillation that formulates the problem as a preference optimization task. Unlike standard CoT distillation, the approach transfers knowledge through diverse reasoning traces. It employs an Odds-Ratio Preference Optimiza

[2601.18734] 
  Knowledge distillation improves large language model (LLM) reasoning by compressing the knowledge of a teacher LLM to train smaller LLMs. On-policy distillation advances this approach by having the student sample its own trajectories while a teacher LLM provides dense token-level supervision, addres

[2401.01335] 
  Harnessing the power of human-annotated data through Supervised Fine-Tuning (SFT) is pivotal for advancing Large Language Models (LLMs). In this paper, we delve into the prospect of growing a strong LLM out of a weak one without the need for acquiring additional human-annotated data. We propose a ne

[2511.10643] 
  Black-box distillation creates student large language models (LLMs) by learning from a proprietary teacher model's text outputs alone, without access to its internal logits or parameters. In this work, we introduce Generative Adversarial Distillation (GAD), which enables on-policy and black-box dist
