[2502.17407] 
  Scaling pre-training compute has proven effective for achieving mulitlinguality, but does the same hold for test-time scaling? In this work, we introduce MCLM, a multilingual math benchmark featuring competition-level problems in 55 languages. We test three test-time scaling methods-Outcome Reward M

[2410.14425] 
  Parameter-efficient fine-tuning (PEFT) can bridge the gap between large language models (LLMs) and downstream tasks. However, PEFT has been proven vulnerable to malicious attacks. Research indicates that poisoned LLMs, even after PEFT, retain the capability to activate internalized backdoors when in

[2501.19393] 
  Test-time scaling is a promising new approach to language modeling that uses extra test-time compute to improve performance. Recently, OpenAI's o1 model showed this capability but did not publicly share its methodology, leading to many replication efforts. We seek the simplest approach to achieve te

[2312.15685] 
  Instruction tuning is a standard technique employed to align large language models to end tasks and user preferences after the initial pretraining phase. Recent research indicates the critical role of data engineering in instruction tuning -- when appropriately selected, only limited data is necessa

[2402.01570] 
  We investigate the individual impacts of critical magnetodynamical parameters-effective magnetization and magnetic damping-on the auto-oscillation characteristics of nano-constriction-based Spin Hall Nano-Oscillators (SHNOs). Our micromagnetic simulations unveil a distinctive non-monotonic relations

[2502.12018] 
  Large Language Models (LLMs) have achieved significant performance gains through test-time scaling methods. However, existing approaches often incur redundant computations due to the accumulation of historical dependency information during inference. To address this challenge, we leverage the memory

[2403.14608] 
  Large models represent a groundbreaking advancement in multiple application fields, enabling remarkable achievements across various tasks. However, their unprecedented scale comes with significant computational costs. These models, often consisting of billions of parameters, require vast amounts of 

[2405.14434] 
  Planet formation takes place in protoplanetary discs around young T-Tauri stars. PDS 70 is one of the first confirmed examples of a system where the planets are currently forming in gaps in the disc, and can be directly imaged. One of the main early influences on planet formation is the lifetime of 

[2603.11178] PACED: Distillation at the Frontier of Student Competence
  Standard LLM distillation wastes compute on two fronts: problems the student has already mastered (near-zero gradients) and problems far beyond its reach (incoherent gradients that erode existing capabilities). We show that this waste is not merely intuitive but structurally inevitable: the gradient

[2602.12674] $\mathcal{X}$-KD: General Experiential Knowledge Distillation for Large Language Models
  Knowledge Distillation (KD) for Large Language Models (LLMs) has become increasingly important as models grow in size and complexity. While existing distillation approaches focus on imitating teacher behavior, they often overlook the original learning environment that shaped the teacher's knowledge.

[2603.01875] KDFlow: A User-Friendly and Efficient Knowledge Distillation Framework for Large Language Models
  Knowledge distillation (KD) is an essential technique to compress large language models (LLMs) into smaller ones. However, despite the distinct roles of the student model and the teacher model in KD, most existing frameworks still use a homogeneous training backend (e.g., FSDP and DeepSpeed) for bot

[2603.16622] Domain Mixture Design via Log-Likelihood Differences for Aligning Language Models with a Target Mode
  Instead of directly distilling a language model, this study addresses the problem of aligning a base model with a target model in distribution by designing the domain mixture of training data for pretraining or continued pretraining as a fixed training recipe. We propose a method for determining dom

[2402.12842] 
  Recent advancements in large language models (LLMs) have raised concerns about inference costs, increasing the need for research into model compression. While knowledge distillation (KD) is a prominent method for this, research on KD for generative language models like LLMs is relatively sparse, and

[2509.14526] 
  Knowledge distillation (KD) is a widely adopted approach for compressing large neural networks by transferring knowledge from a large teacher model to a smaller student model. In the context of large language models, token level KD, typically minimizing the KL divergence between student output distr

[2509.22921] 
  We introduce a novel approach to large language model (LLM) distillation by formulating it as a constrained reinforcement learning problem. While recent work has begun exploring the integration of task-specific rewards into distillation processes, existing methods typically rely on ad-hoc reward wei

[2402.11890] 
  Knowledge distillation (KD) is a common approach to compress a teacher model to reduce its inference cost and memory footprint, by training a smaller student model. However, in the context of autoregressive language models (LMs), we empirically find that larger teacher LMs might dramatically result 

[2404.02657] 
  Kullback-Leiber divergence has been widely used in Knowledge Distillation (KD) to compress Large Language Models (LLMs). Contrary to prior assertions that reverse Kullback-Leibler (RKL) divergence is mode-seeking and thus preferable over the mean-seeking forward Kullback-Leibler (FKL) divergence, th

[2505.16297] 
  Large language models (LLMs) offer impressive performance but are impractical for resource-constrained deployment due to high latency and energy consumption. Knowledge distillation (KD) addresses this by transferring knowledge from a large teacher to a smaller student model. However, conventional KD

[2402.03898] 
  Knowledge distillation (KD) is widely used for compressing a teacher model to a smaller student model, reducing its inference cost and memory footprint while preserving model capabilities. However, current KD methods for auto-regressive sequence models (e.g., large language models) suffer from missi

[2306.08543] 
  Knowledge Distillation (KD) is a promising technique for reducing the high computational demand of large language models (LLMs). However, previous KD methods are primarily applied to white-box classification models or training small models to imitate black-box model APIs like ChatGPT. How to effecti

[2306.13649] 
  Knowledge distillation (KD) is widely used for compressing a teacher model to reduce its inference cost and memory footprint, by training a smaller student model. However, current KD methods for auto-regressive sequence models suffer from distribution mismatch between output sequences seen during tr

[2603.07079] Entropy-Aware On-Policy Distillation of Language Models
  On-policy distillation is a promising approach for transferring knowledge between language models, where a student learns from dense token-level signals along its own trajectories. This framework typically uses reverse KL divergence, encouraging the student to match the teacher's high-confidence pre

[2602.15260] Fast and Effective On-policy Distillation from Reasoning Prefixes
  On-policy distillation (OPD), which samples trajectories from the student model and supervises them with a teacher at the token level, avoids relying solely on verifiable terminal rewards and can yield better generalization than off-policy distillation. However, OPD requires expensive on-the-fly sam
