[2409.12917] 
  Self-correction is a highly desirable capability of large language models (LLMs), yet it has consistently been found to be largely ineffective in modern LLMs. Current methods for training self-correction typically depend on either multiple models, a more advanced model, or additional forms of superv

[2411.04109] 
  Self-alignment, whereby models learn to improve themselves without human annotation, is a rapidly growing research area. However, existing techniques often fail to improve complex reasoning tasks due to the difficulty of assigning correct rewards. An orthogonal approach that is known to improve corr

[2503.04711] 
  Nonlinear optical waveguides, particularly those harnessing the optical Kerr effect, are promising for advancing next-generation photonic technologies. Despite the Kerr effect`s ultrafast response, its inherently weak nonlinearity has hindered practical applications. Here, we explore free-electron-i

[2406.00888] 
  Language models are aligned to emulate the collective voice of many, resulting in outputs that align with no one in particular. Steering LLMs away from generic output is possible through supervised finetuning or RLHF, but requires prohibitively large datasets for new ad-hoc tasks. We argue that it i

[2409.02679] 
  The Moyal-Higher-Spin (MHS) formalism, involving fields dependent on spacetime and auxiliary coordinates, is an approach to studying higher spin (HS)-like models. To determine the particle content of the MHS model of the Yang-Mills type, we calculate the quartic Casimir operator for on-shell MHS fie

[2410.13116] 
  Developing effective text summarizers remains a challenge due to issues like hallucinations, key information omissions, and verbosity in LLM-generated summaries. This work explores using LLM-generated feedback to improve summary quality by aligning the summaries with human preferences for faithfulne

[2404.14219] 
  We introduce phi-3-mini, a 3.8 billion parameter language model trained on 3.3 trillion tokens, whose overall performance, as measured by both academic benchmarks and internal testing, rivals that of models such as Mixtral 8x7B and GPT-3.5 (e.g., phi-3-mini achieves 69% on MMLU and 8.38 on MT-bench)

[2503.01743] 
  We introduce Phi-4-Mini and Phi-4-Multimodal, compact yet highly capable language and multimodal models. Phi-4-Mini is a 3.8-billion-parameter language model trained on high-quality web and synthetic data, significantly outperforming recent open-source models of similar size and matching the perform

[2405.05904] 
  When large language models are aligned via supervised fine-tuning, they may encounter new factual information that was not acquired through pre-training. It is often conjectured that this can teach the model the behavior of hallucinating factually incorrect responses, as the model is trained to gene

[2312.01552] 
  The alignment tuning process of large language models (LLMs) typically involves instruction learning through supervised fine-tuning (SFT) and preference tuning via reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF). A recent study, LIMA (Zhou et al. 2023), shows that using merely 1K examples for SFT 

[2309.10305] 
  Large language models (LLMs) have demonstrated remarkable performance on a variety of natural language tasks based on just a few examples of natural language instructions, reducing the need for extensive feature engineering. However, most powerful LLMs are closed-source or limited in their capabilit

[2311.09829] 
  The effective assessment of the instruction-following ability of large language models (LLMs) is of paramount importance. A model that cannot adhere to human instructions might be not able to provide reliable and helpful responses. In pursuit of this goal, various benchmarks have been constructed to

[2406.14858] 
  The mysterious metallic phase showing perfect $T$-linear resistivity and a universal scattering rate $1/τ= α_P k_B T /\hbar$ with a universal prefactor $α_P \sim 1$ and logarithmic-in-temperature singular specific heat coefficient, so-called Planckian metal phase was observed in various overdoped hi

[2310.17042] 
  In this paper, we introduce StochGradAdam, a novel optimizer designed as an extension of the Adam algorithm, incorporating stochastic gradient sampling techniques to improve computational efficiency while maintaining robust performance. StochGradAdam optimizes by selectively sampling a subset of gra

[2407.10930] 
  Natural Language Processing (NLP) systems are increasingly taking the form of sophisticated modular pipelines, e.g., Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), where each module may involve a distinct Language Model (LM) and an associated prompt template. These compound systems often lack intermediate la

[2503.04629] 
  Survey paper plays a crucial role in scientific research, especially given the rapid growth of research publications. Recently, researchers have begun using LLMs to automate survey generation for better efficiency. However, the quality gap between LLM-generated surveys and those written by human rem

[2312.00502] 
  Despite recent advancements in deep learning, its application in real-world medical settings, such as phonocardiogram (PCG) classification, remains limited. A significant barrier is the lack of high-quality annotated datasets, which hampers the development of robust, generalizable models that can pe

[2406.10252] 
  This paper introduces AutoSurvey, a speedy and well-organized methodology for automating the creation of comprehensive literature surveys in rapidly evolving fields like artificial intelligence. Traditional survey paper creation faces challenges due to the vast volume and complexity of information, 

[2501.15585] 
  As artificial intelligence (AI) and sustainability initiatives increasingly intersect, understanding public perceptions of their relationship becomes crucial for successful implementation. However, no validated instrument exists to measure these specific perceptions. This paper presents the developm

[2404.01536] 
  Off-the-shelf pre-trained language models have become the de facto standard in NLP pipelines for a multitude of downstream tasks. However, the inability of these models to properly encode numerals limits their performance on tasks requiring numeric comprehension. We introduce strategies to semantica

[2406.19774] 
  In the field of large language models (LLMs), Knowledge Distillation (KD) is a critical technique for transferring capabilities from teacher models to student models. However, existing KD methods face limitations and challenges in distillation of LLMs, including efficiency and insufficient measureme

[2406.06608] 
  Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI) systems are increasingly being deployed across diverse industries and research domains. Developers and end-users interact with these systems through the use of prompting and prompt engineering. Although prompt engineering is a widely adopted and extensively

[2310.13332] 
  Large language models (LLMs) exhibit impressive emergent abilities in natural language processing, but their democratization is hindered due to huge computation requirements and closed-source nature. Recent research on advancing open-source smaller LMs by distilling knowledge from black-box LLMs has

[2602.12125] Learning beyond Teacher: Generalized On-Policy Distillation with Reward Extrapolation
  On-policy distillation (OPD), which aligns the student with the teacher's logit distribution on student-generated trajectories, has demonstrated strong empirical gains in improving student performance and often outperforms off-policy distillation and reinforcement learning (RL) paradigms. In this wo

[2603.13765] Knowledge Distillation for Large Language Models
  We propose a resource-efficient framework for compressing large language models through knowledge distillation, combined with guided chain-of-thought reinforcement learning. Using Qwen 3B as the teacher and Qwen 0.5B as the student, we apply knowledge distillation across English Dolly-15k, Spanish D

[2603.15590] Effective Distillation to Hybrid xLSTM Architectures
  There have been numerous attempts to distill quadratic attention-based large language models (LLMs) into sub-quadratic linearized architectures. However, despite extensive research, such distilled models often fail to match the performance of their teacher LLMs on various downstream tasks. We set ou

[2602.02994] 
  Reinforcement learning has emerged as a principled post-training paradigm for Temporal Video Grounding (TVG) due to its on-policy optimization, yet existing GRPO-based methods remain fundamentally constrained by sparse reward signals and substantial computational overhead. We propose Video-OPD, an e

[2506.04178] 
  Reasoning models have made rapid progress on many benchmarks involving math, code, and science. Yet, there are still many open questions about the best training recipes for reasoning since state-of-the-art models often rely on proprietary datasets with little to no public information available. To a

[2509.24945] 
  The paradigm shift in large language models (LLMs) from instinctive responses to chain-of-thought (CoT) reasoning has fueled two prevailing assumptions: (1) reasoning capabilities only emerge in sufficiently large models, and (2) such capabilities require training on massive datasets. While the firs

[2501.12948] 
  General reasoning represents a long-standing and formidable challenge in artificial intelligence. Recent breakthroughs, exemplified by large language models (LLMs) and chain-of-thought prompting, have achieved considerable success on foundational reasoning tasks. However, this success is heavily con

[2601.02780] 
  We present MiMo-V2-Flash, a Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) model with 309B total parameters and 15B active parameters, designed for fast, strong reasoning and agentic capabilities. MiMo-V2-Flash adopts a hybrid attention architecture that interleaves Sliding Window Attention (SWA) with global attention, w

[2505.09388] 
  In this work, we present Qwen3, the latest version of the Qwen model family. Qwen3 comprises a series of large language models (LLMs) designed to advance performance, efficiency, and multilingual capabilities. The Qwen3 series includes models of both dense and Mixture-of-Expert (MoE) architectures, 

[2402.12030] 
  Deploying large language models (LLMs) of several billion parameters can be impractical in most industrial use cases due to constraints such as cost, latency limitations, and hardware accessibility. Knowledge distillation (KD) offers a solution by compressing knowledge from resource-intensive large 

[2510.24021] 
  Knowledge distillation (KD) is a standard route to compress Large Language Models (LLMs) into compact students, yet most pipelines uniformly apply token-wise loss regardless of teacher confidence. This indiscriminate supervision amplifies noisy, high-entropy signals and is especially harmful under l

[2410.11325] 
  Recent advances in knowledge distillation (KD) have enabled smaller student models to approach the performance of larger teacher models. However, popular methods such as supervised KD and on-policy KD, are adversely impacted by the knowledge gaps between teacher-student in practical scenarios. Super
